Programming FAQ: Mention object.__setattr__ as a technique for delegation (#124617)
python/cpython: Doc/faq/programming.rst

           self.__dict__[name] = value
       ...

> Many :meth:`!__setattr__` implementations call :meth:`object.__setattr__` to set

Reviewer: I'd add a link on the first one (so that you can get taken to information on `__setattr__` methods in general) but not on the second one (since the link doesn't actually take you to docs on `object.__setattr__`, but to information on `__setattr__` methods in general)

```suggestion
Many :meth:`~object.__setattr__` implementations call :meth:`!object.__setattr__` to set
```

an attribute on self without causing infinite recursion::

   class X:
       def __setattr__(self, name, value):
           # Custom logic here...
           object.__setattr__(self, name, value)

> Alternatively, it is possible to modify :attr:`self.__dict__ <object.__dict__>` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, it is possible to set attributes by inserting
entries into :attr:`self.__dict__ <object.__dict__>` directly.
```
